# Minutes for 13/07/2015

## Meeting Notes

### Misc announcements
- Brian De Renzi has joined us as co-supervisor. He's very keen to help out and is also available to help with heuristic evaluations.
- James notes that academics sometimes don't reply to emails and it's totally appropriate to ping them if urgent
- Our feasibility assessments should happen within the next week to ensure we've started coding. Contact Hussein ASAP to schedule meetup.
- We received ethics approval! Yay!

### Siobhan report back

- Needs a bit more time before performing proper heuristic testing
- Looked for questionnaires on learnability, presence and user-comfort. Found good sources. However, there seems to be general consensus that these concepts are very difficult to quantify and measure. James suggests speaking to Brian, Edwin and Melissa about this.

### Steven report back

- Basic code structure completed
- Can perform heuristic evaluation within the next few days
- Still needs to flesh out models properly

### Statistics

- We're worried that our power calculations might not be accurate. We'd like to consult stats department on the finer stats aspects of our study (power, MRT, questionnaires).
- James approved this request, and the ±R130 monetary cost. Will reimburse us as long as we bring back proof of payment.

## Deliverables
- Schedule heuristic testing with James within the next week
  Print and bring standard heuristic guidelines to meeting

- Experimental Design Chapter
  Due date unspecified
  Not over 2 pages
  Find out which ACM format to use

- Pilot planning ideas
  Where are we going to host this? (makers lab, TSL, games lab, etc.)
