# Minutes for 13/07/2015

## Meeting Notes

### Feedback from James

- Steven should be testing Two Axis Valuator, Arcball and a combined Arcball and discrete slider approach similar to Maya
- Reminder that timeline states software will be in by 20/07/2015. Steven and Siobhan both commit to this deadline.
- James will check if he can commit to doing a heuristic evaluation early the week starting 20/07/2015
- James suggested that Brian DeRenzi be brought on as a co-supervisor in order to help with the experimental construction. Group agrees as a whole this would be a good idea.
- James suggests that we have a skype meeting with Pedro a week into term, Siobhan to organise.
- Meeting scheduled once a week at Wednesday at noon, pending Brian's availability.

### Siobhan report back

- reference implementation currently keyboard driven, agreed that it should be mouse driven
- Siobhan queried whether changes on any view should be reflected on all views, James clarifies it should.
- Shadowbox implementation started, begun implementing rotations. James notes that there are two different rotation options: a rotation of everything including the shadowbox, and just a rotation of the shadowbox. Both are useful.
- James suggests that a 2/3 light rig would be useful, folowwing the camera.
- James also suggests having gridlines on shadowbox walls with emphasises gridlines for origin

### Steven report back

- implementations coming along well, bugs in the discrete sliders but will be done by the deadline.
- tasks have been specified using models from the MRT
- inspection tasks use textural rather than model differences. James agrees this is sensible.
- James suggests also looking into lighting for these approaches, instead of textures
- James also suggests that instead of having one model for orientation tasks, that you look at a couple.

### Experimental design

- found a survey (SRRA) which predicts MRT (mental rotation test) results nicely
- also found that MRT is the standard for checking mental rotation ability
- Siobhan is currently looking to find a questionnaire that captures all the required usability aspects
- There is a concern that doing the SRRA and the MRT along with tasks and a questionnaire will lead to fatigue. We discussed ways of mitigating this (doing MRT and SRRA out of band) but decided that doing the MRT out of band will possibly contaminate results. Will report back on possible solutions here.
- A first pass on experimental power was presented for Steven's experiments for an effect of 0.35. James wants one for Siobhan's experiment and for a lower effect.
- James noted that the ethics committee was confused by what we meant by "control" for factors. He noted that all we can do is account for these aspects and see if they had an effect; we don't have enough participants to eliminate them.

## Deliverables

Siobhan (18/07/2015): Make contact with Pedro about being able to join a meeting
Steven + Siobhan (20/07/2015): Finish testing software
James (20/07/2015): Identify time that he can do heuristic testing
James (23/07/2015): Approach Brian as co-supervisor
Siobhan (23/07/2015): Find a suitable questionnaire
Steven (23/07/2015): Follow up with DSA 100 ethics
Steven (23/07/2015): Rerun experimental power calculations required
Steven + Siobhan (23/07/2015): Identify what we want to do in terms of content of our experiments
