---
---
# Minutes for 19/08/15

## Apologies

Siobhan apologised for not being able to make the meeting due to illness.

## Report back on deliverables

### Venue

James has confirmed with Patrick that we can use the games lab, but we still need to run this past Sonia. He will have this by the end of the week.

Siobhan still needs to report back on whether getting the psyche labs will be possible.

### Heuristic Evaluation

Reported that Bryan Davies along with supervisor Brian and James had completed the evaluation. The outstanding evaluations were Steven and Siobhan evaluating each others and Duke evaluating. James noted that James has to do paper refactoring, so it might be worth getting someone else.

### Stats Consultancy

Steven reached out to the stats consultancy, confirmed that they would only be able to get back to us by the 10th of September which is too late for evaluating the design. Steven to use James's experimental design book to compensate, deliver finalised design by Friday. 

## Timeline discussion

### Risk management

Steven suggested that if participant collection is a problem, then he could pivot his project to do software engineering based on the framework he's developing. James said that this shouldn't be a problem, and that we should focus instead on mitigation rather than management.

### Pilot

Steven queried about when the venues would be confirmed for the pilot. Brian noted that while it would be best to use the venue, the pilot can help troubleshoot everything else for the experiment without it as long as we don't use the data. James agreed, saying that using the venue as little as possible might be best.

After a discussion about timing, it was agreed that it would be best if some pilot experiments had been done by the next meeting. Steven was to contact Siobhan and discuss whether this would be possible with a confirmation before the next meeting. This is to enable experiments starting by the time they are listed in the timeline. 

## Deliverables

- Carried over, Siobhan: pick the questions for presence and send them through
- James (21/08/2015): have confirmed if we can use games lab or not
- Steven (21/08/2015): finished design chapter
- Siobhan (24/08/2015): to have reached out to use the Psyche labs
- Steven (20/08/2015): relay timeline for experiment to Siobhan
- Steven + Siobhan: (24/08/2015): Have completed at least some pilot experiments
