---
---
# Minutes for 02/09/2015

## Meeting Notes

### Tasks for Shadowbox 

Siobhan pointed out we never confirmed these. As Siobhan did incorporate rotation, we need to get a set of tasks that test object selection, translation and rotation. 

We decided on three types of tasks:
- aligning task - either on a plane, in a ring or in a basket.
- alphabet task - align letters to make a word
- multiple object tasks - aligning multiple objects together with guides

We also discussed colours, and emphasised that Siobhan must use colours that work well together, like the [d3 ordinal colour scales](https://github.com/mbostock/d3/wiki/Ordinal-Scales).


### Report back for Steven

Steven reported that pilot experiments were underway, with 3 completed and 1 on the way. James confirmed that this was enough. 

Preliminary feedback from the pilots was:
- lack of feedback after timed tasks
- inspection tasks were far too easy

Steven suggested, and James and Siobhan agreed, that we could solve this by tweaking the inspection tasks: instead of finding red patches, one has to find a given numeral on a patch. This also removes the possible problem with red/blue colourblindness.

### Auxiliary project work

James confirmed that the project rubric would be finalised two weeks before the project hand in. Otherwise, everything else was on track. He said that he is currently overloaded with thesis handins, but that he would be able to read drafts in two weeks.

## Deliverables

Steven + Siobhan + James (15/10/2015) - Finalise Rubric
Steven + Siobhan (16/9/2015) - Present draft of all of the paper up to the results section
Steven + Siobhan (7/9/2015) - Have started recruiting for the final experiments 
Siobhan + Steven (7/9/2015) - Finish conducting pilots
