---
layout: post
title:  "Minutes for 2015-09-30"
categories: minutes
---

## Meeting Notes

Siobhan excused herself as this was the last day of testing.

### Experimental Progress

Steven explained how the experiments went, as there was no meeting last week:

- Originally, Siobhan was scheduled to start experiments on Friday the 18th. Unfortunately, due to problems with translating the arcball rotation method from Steven's code to Siobhan's, the software was not complete until Wednesday the 23rd. Steven took participants from Thursday 17th through Monday 21st, with Tueday's participants rescheduled.
- Unfortunately, experiments on Wednesday and Thursday revealed problems with Siobhan's interface. These caused her to have to modify her software, forcing her to discard the results of these participants. 
- Ultimately though, due to Siobhan's focus on recruiting, this did not impact the number of participants tested: out of a goal of recruiting 62 participants, we were able to get 87 participants, not including those who had to be discarded.
- Steven is to take the participants later today, taking his total participants tested to 45. Siobhan is to finish her testing by 1, putting her total to 42.

### Paper handin

Steven promised to hand a draft to James and Brian of everything up to results by that afternoon.

### Problems with marking inspection tasks

Steven said that he was having problems assessing the accuracy of the inspection tasks. While he found a metric to compare quaternions, he was having problems removing the z-rotation which was ignored for inspection task accuracy. James suggested rotating the model, and then using the camera's vector to assess accuracy. Steven said he'd implement this, and report on its accuracy by next week.

## Deliverables

- Steven (7/10/2015): Fixed accuracy measure for inspection task
- Steven (30/09/2015): Hand a draft of everything up to the results of the final paper
