---
layout: post
title:  "Minutes for 2015-09-16"
categories: minutes
---

The notes for these minutes were lost. These were reconstructed after the meeting.

## Meeting Notes

- Due to problems revealed in the pilot, Siobhan decided to delay starting experiments from Thursday 17th to Friday 18th. Steven was to take all participants on Thursday.
- We discussed whether it was appropriate for both experiments to run in the same session.
    - Siobhan noted that this might distract participants
    - Steven remarked that the computers in the lab are quite far from one another, and that this could be limited by using the monitors in between as make shift barriers.
    - James and Brian agreed that these were sufficient controls.
- Steven inspected the lab, finding that there were 6 working computers that all had the appopriate drivers and software for the experiment. All the computers had identical mice and monitors. 
- We solved the signup problem by finding obscure settings inside of Doodle:
    - first, responses could be made confidential to everyone but us.
    - secondly, the number of responses per person could be limited to one.
    - thirdly, the number of responses per session can be limited.
- We decided to limit the number of peoeple per session to 5, to allow for some redudancy in case a computer broke, or a participant arrived late.
- Steven recruited in both first year classes, during a second year prac and during a third year lecture. Students weren't especially responsive. It was agreed that Siobhan would take over recruiting. 
- Steven committed to having a draft of all content up to results by that Friday. Since Siobhan was focussing on recruiting and fixing her software, we decided that this was not appropriate for her.

## Deliverables

- Steven (18/09/2015): Get all writing up to results handed in