---
layout: post
title:  "Minutes for 2015-31-03"
categories: minutes
---

## Meeting notes

Overview: Siobhan to work on Shadowbox, looking at rotations and translations.
Steven to work on finding the best way to rotate objects. For background, both
are to download some 3D user modeling packages such as

* Maya
* 3D Studio Max
* Blender
* Mesh Mixer

Looking at how they handle translation and rotation. When evaluating the current
interfaces and designing our own, we should look specifically at

* snapping to commonly used values (e.g. Mesh mixer's circle for rotation)
* whether they're using axial (single axis with widgets) vs. arc ball (moving a
 sphere) rotation
* screen clutter
* whether the design supports the alignment of objects
* how the design gives feedback to the user

Experiment design: need to define a metric to evaluate how productive one is at
accomplishing tasks using the interface. James suggested accuracy of aligning one
object relative to another. Siobhan suggested that qualitative metrics also be
used, using a questionnaire to assess how in control they felt.

James suggested that an approach of constant work throughout the term would be
useful. Steven will do slightly less than Siobhan as he's got a larger course
load in second block, but will ramp up in third block where he has little to no
load.

For the literature survey, since there is such a small amount of space James
recommended we focus on a very specific aspect.
* Siobhan: shadowbox background and other similar interfaces.
* Steven: 3D rotations, small look into gender differences

## Deliverables
Due 7/4/2015

- Outline of Lit Survey
    - section headings
    - short entries
- Core 10 papers skimmed
- Read 5 in depth

Due week of the 13/4/2015

- Core 20 papers
- Read 10 in depth, start writing lit review
