<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>

  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width initial-scale=1" />
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">

    <title>Minutes for 2015-07-31</title>
    <meta name="description" content="Honours project work by Siobhan O'Donovan and Steven Rybicki evaluating the use of Interactive Shadows and Rotation Controllers in 3D Modelling Interfaces. Supervised by Assoc. Prof. James Gain & Dr Brian DeRenzi.
">

    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.css">
    <link rel="canonical" href="http://yourdomain.com/minutes/2015/07/31/minutes.html">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <!--<h1 class="site-title" href="/">EVALUATING 3D MODELLING USER INTERFACES</h1>-->
    <h1 class="site-title" >EVALUATING 3D MODELLING USER INTERFACES</h1>

    <p></p>
    <p style="color:white; padding-top:15px">Siobhan O'Donovan & Steven Rybicki</p>
    <p style="color:white">University of Cape Town, Department of Computer Science</p>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        
          
        
          
        
          
        
      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        <div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">Minutes for 2015-07-31</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">Jul 31, 2015</p>
  </header>

  <article class="post-content">
    <h2 id="meeting-notes">Meeting Notes</h2>

<h3 id="previous-deliverables">Previous Deliverables</h3>

<ul>
  <li>Schedule heuristic testing with James
    <ul>
      <li>Steven completed</li>
      <li>Siobhan scheduled</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Experimental Design Chapter: agreed to be done, deadline not set.</li>
  <li>Pilot planning ideas: TSL going to be an extention of Senior Lab, James to talk to Sonia about booking.</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="report-back">Report back</h3>

<ul>
  <li>Got Brian up to speed about the current state of the project</li>
  <li>Discussed that the Design chapter needs to be completed, did not set date.</li>
  <li>Brian suggested we do a pilot with 6/7 people. James suggested that this be a hifidelity prototype. </li>
  <li>Brian noted that we need to be careful about bleedover between participants (e.g. participants looking over, discussing solutions). Solutions include adding space and emphasising no contact. </li>
  <li>James asked what the specs of the machines are in TSL, need to ensure that all the machines used in the experiment need to be roughly the same.</li>
  <li>James also asked how we’re planning to do the experiment in terms of number at a time. Siobhan noted that we would do this over a couple days, as we can’t control labs of 40 people.</li>
  <li>Brian thought that using a stats consultant was a fantastic idea! He wants to make sure we’re prepared. First, we should generate some data that looks like what we’ll be capturing. We should also send as much as we can ahead of time to ensure they are prepared. We must also note about the terminology used for between/within groups, etc.</li>
  <li>Decided that Siobhan and Steven would colloborate on an experimental design for all the controllers to present to the stats department.</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="timeline">Timeline</h3>

<ul>
  <li>Noted that we’re a couple weeks behind on the timeline</li>
  <li>The timeline had a large amount of redundancy; needs to be redone now that we will have a larger venue for running the experiments.</li>
  <li>James says that it’s a good idea to have more heuristic testers; at least 3, want closer to 5.</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="exerimental-software-design">Exerimental software design</h3>

<ul>
  <li>Agreed we want to plan for failure; if the software crashes or a participant loses data then we lose that participant.</li>
  <li>Siobhan and James had a discussion about whether or not to clamp for Shadowbox. Steven said that it was closer to real use cases if the tasks aren’t unclamped, Siobhan says that Shadowbox would be aimed at inexperienced users and so it’s more in line to do this clamped. James says implement both.</li>
  <li>In terms of data collection, it was suggested we capture enough data to provide an audit trail; that allows us to get any additional insights if the experiments don’t show any differences.</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="experimental-design">Experimental design</h3>

<ul>
  <li>We discussed using MRT again. Steven looked at the timing and it looked like using MRT would take too long with everything else, make it hard to do enough tasks. Siobhan noted that we could do the SRRA at home, and do the MRT in the experiment. This seemed to work. </li>
  <li>Brian noted that it’s good to ask for questionnaires immediately after the experiment is done as users tend to forget</li>
  <li>Brian also suggested that we use standard HCI language to ask users to complete the tasks both quickly and accurately.</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="misc">Misc</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Next meeting decided for the 7 August at 2:15.</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="deliverables">Deliverables</h2>

<ul>
  <li>[carried over] Siobhan (7/8/2015): find appropriate after test questionnaire</li>
  <li>James (7/8/2015): talk to Sonia about using TSL as an experimental venue</li>
  <li>Steven + Siobhan (3/8/2015): create an experimental design which can communicate our decisions to the stats department to send to James + Brian</li>
  <li>James + Brian (5/8/2015): Review the experimental design document</li>
  <li>Steven + Siobhan (7/8/2015): Review and rejigger the timetable.</li>
  <li>Steven + Siobhan (5/8/2015): Organise with Brian to do a heuristic evaluation</li>
  <li>Steven + Siobhan (5/8/2015): See if Duke is willing to do a heuristic evaluation</li>
  <li>Steven + Siobhan (5/8/2015): See if Brian Davies is willing to do a heuristic evaluation</li>
  <li>James + Steven + Siobhan + Brian (7/8/2015): Confirm next meeting time</li>
</ul>

  </article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <div class="footer-col-wrapper">
      <div class="footer-col  footer-col-1">
        <ul class="contact-list">
          <li>EVALUATING 3D MODELLING USER INTERFACES</li>
          <!---->
          <!--<li>-->
            <!--<a href="https://github.com/3dui">-->
              <!--<span class="icon  icon&#45;&#45;github">-->
                <!--<svg viewBox="0 0 16 16">-->
                  <!--<path fill="#828282" d="M7.999,0.431c-4.285,0-7.76,3.474-7.76,7.761 c0,3.428,2.223,6.337,5.307,7.363c0.388,0.071,0.53-0.168,0.53-0.374c0-0.184-0.007-0.672-0.01-1.32 c-2.159,0.469-2.614-1.04-2.614-1.04c-0.353-0.896-0.862-1.135-0.862-1.135c-0.705-0.481,0.053-0.472,0.053-0.472 c0.779,0.055,1.189,0.8,1.189,0.8c0.692,1.186,1.816,0.843,2.258,0.645c0.071-0.502,0.271-0.843,0.493-1.037 C4.86,11.425,3.049,10.76,3.049,7.786c0-0.847,0.302-1.54,0.799-2.082C3.768,5.507,3.501,4.718,3.924,3.65 c0,0,0.652-0.209,2.134,0.796C6.677,4.273,7.34,4.187,8,4.184c0.659,0.003,1.323,0.089,1.943,0.261 c1.482-1.004,2.132-0.796,2.132-0.796c0.423,1.068,0.157,1.857,0.077,2.054c0.497,0.542,0.798,1.235,0.798,2.082 c0,2.981-1.814,3.637-3.543,3.829c0.279,0.24,0.527,0.713,0.527,1.437c0,1.037-0.01,1.874-0.01,2.129 c0,0.208,0.14,0.449,0.534,0.373c3.081-1.028,5.302-3.935,5.302-7.362C15.76,3.906,12.285,0.431,7.999,0.431z"/>-->
                <!--</svg>-->
              <!--</span>-->

              <!--<span class="username">3dui</span>-->
            <!--</a>-->
          <!--</li>-->
          <!---->
        </ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col  footer-col-2">
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col  footer-col-3">
        <p class="text">Honours project work by Siobhan O'Donovan and Steven Rybicki evaluating the use of Interactive Shadows and Rotation Controllers in 3D Modelling Interfaces. Supervised by Assoc. Prof. James Gain & Dr Brian DeRenzi.
</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>

</footer>


  </body>

</html>
